4.2/3.3 Patches---------------ansi-change-class-patch.lisp  change-class accepts initargs per ANSI CL specarray-conditions-patch  define and signal some array reference errors as subclasses of array-error: (define-condition array-error (simple-error)) (define-condition array-subscript-out-of-bounds (array-error))  (define-condition array-wrong-number-of-subscripts (array-error)) (define-condition array-element-type-mismatch (array-error))backtrace-edit-val-patch.pfsl (PPC only patch)  fix editing the value of a function argument in a backtrace windowcheck-initargs-patch  fix shared-initialize (and initialize-instance as a consequence) to check validity of  initargs if called outsize the scope of make-instance or reinitialize-instance which  have already checked initargsdolist-patch.lisp  fix to avoid erroneous warnings about multiply defined tagsedit-def-no-error-patch.lisp  just beep and (format t ...) if the file that we think contains the  definition is not found, vs. signaling an error. This applies to meta-.  and other callers of edit-definition such as the Apropos Dialog eql-method-patch  fix method dispatch for generic functions with 3 or more specializers with a method  with an eql specializer that is not the last specializer and a method with a non-eql  specializer in the same position and satisfying other obscure conditions.file-date-conflict-patch.lisp  move buffer-save-conflict to window-save, remove from %buffer-write-file.  In other words, don't complain about overwriting a file whose modification date  is more recent than the time it was last read unless one is saving the file  from a fred window. In response to this bug report from Dale Skrien.software-version-patch.lisp  fix software-version and software-type; from David Lamkinsstep-patch.lisp  stepping methods works if you have saved the definitionsuniv-time-patch.lisp  fixes encode-universal-time by getting day of week right in months when DST changes.  Decode-universal-time returns a clock time that exists at the beginning of DST.  Supersedes univ-time-patch-old.lispuniv-time-patch-old.lisp  fixes encode-universal-time by getting day of week right in months when DST changes.  This is the first version of fixing encode-universal-time. It is superseded by  univ-time-patch.lisp. If for some reason you have trouble with univ-time-patch,  then revert to this patch.vector-push-ext-68K-patch.fasl (68K only patch)  fix vector-push-extend - if the optional argument EXTENSION is provided, check that  it is a positive fixnumy-or-n-dialog-patch.lisp  rearranges the subviews so that escape key will pick the cancel button; idea from  Stefan Schmiedl